Add InfluxDB 2.7 to registry (#3309)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/add-services/influxdb.md

    ``` bash
    influx backup --host {{< variable "URL_FROM_STEP_2" >}} --token {{< variable "API_TOKEN_FROM_STEP_3" >}}
    ```

## Upgrade to version 2.3 or later

### From a previous 2.x version

From version 2.3 onwards, the structure of relationships changes.

If you're using a prior 2.x version, your app might currently rely on pulling the `bucket`, `org`, `api_token`,
or `username` values available in the [`PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS` environment variable](../development/variables/use-variables.md#use-platformsh-provided-variables).

> If so, to ensure your upgrade is successful, make the following changes to your service configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If so, to ensure your upgrade is successful, make the following changes to your connection logic:
```

- Rename the `user` key to `username`.
- Move the `org`, `bucket` and  `api_token` keys so they're contained in a dictionary under the `query` key.

> So the relationship information (available through the [`PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS` environment variable](../development/variables/use-variables.md#use-platformsh-provided-variables) or by running `platform relationships`) would look similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're relying on any other attributes connecting to InfluxDB, they remain accessible as top-level keys from the [`PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS` environment variable](../development/variables/use-variables.md#use-platformsh-provided-variables), aside from those addressed above:

```

    ``` bash
    influx backup --host {{< variable "URL_FROM_STEP_2" >}} --token {{< variable "API_TOKEN_FROM_STEP_3" >}}
    ```

## Upgrade to version 2.3 or later

### From a previous 2.x version

From version 2.3 onwards, the structure of relationships changes.

If you're using a prior 2.x version, your app might currently rely on pulling the `bucket`, `org`, `api_token`,

> or `username` values available in the [`PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS` environment variable](../development/variables/use-variables.md#use-platformsh-provided-variables).

Reviewer 2: Prior versions this would be called `user`, so it probably doesn't make sense to call it `username` here as that's what it would be changing to, not what they would be potentially using right now.
